Changing name from `compute_plxpr_decomposition` to `compute_qfunc_decomposition` (#7022)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  should be considered static when capturing the quantum program.
  [(#6923)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6923)

> * Implemented a `compute_qfunc_decomposition` method in the `qml.operation.Operator` class to apply dynamic decompositions
>   with program capture enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new, experimental `Operator` method called `compute_qfunc_decomposition` has been added to represent decompositions with structure (e.g., control flow). 
  This method is only used when capture is enabled with `qml.capture.enable()`.
```
